OSDOCS-2456: adding procedure for customizing ingress error pages (#36065)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

For request headers, these adjustments are applied only for routes that have the `haproxy.router.openshift.io/h1-adjust-case=true` annotation. For response headers, these adjustments are applied to all HTTP responses. If this field is empty, no request headers are adjusted.

> |`HttpErrorCodePages`

Reviewer: same as above h is small  in  |`HttpErrorCodePages`

|`httpErrorCodePages` specifies custom HTTP error code response pages. By default, an IngressController uses error pages built into the IngressController image.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please remove the two extra blank lines.

> |The `HttpErrorCodePages` field enables the cluster administrator to specify custom error code pages. By default, an IngressController uses error pages built into the IngressController image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|The `HttpErrorCodePages` field enables the cluster administrator to specify custom error code pages. By default, an Ingress Controller uses error pages built into the Ingress Controller image.
```

> |The `httpErrorCodePages` field enables the cluster administrator to specify custom error code pages. By default, an IngressController uses error pages built into the IngressController image.

Reviewer: `httpErrorCodePages` specifies custom HTTP error code **response** pages. By default, ...
